Lord, I've really been real stressed, down and out, losing ground.
Although I am black and proud, problems got me pessimistic.
Brothers and sisters keep messin' up, why does it have to be so damn tuff?
I don't know where I can go to let these ghosts out of my skull.
My grandma past my brother's gone, I never at once felt so alone.
I know you're supposed to be my steering wheel, not just my spare tire.
(Home!) But Lord, I ask you,
(Home!) to be my guiding force and truth.
(Home!) For some strange reason it had to be,
(Home!) he guided me to Tennessee.

(Home!) Take me to another place, take me to another land.
Make me forget all that hurts me, let me understand your plan.
Take me to another place, take me to another land.
Make me forget all that hurts me, let me understand your plan.

Lord it's obvious we got a relationship
Talkin' to each other every night and day
Although you're superior over me
We talk to each other in a friendship way
Then outta nowhere you tell me to break
Outta the country and into more country
Past Dyesburg and Ripley
Where the ghost of childhood haunts me
Walk the roads my forefathers walked
Climb the trees my forefathers hung from
Ask those trees for all their wisdom
They tell me my ears are so young. (Home)
Go back, from whence you came (Home)
My family tree, my family name (Home)
For some strange reason it had to be (Home)
He guided me to Tennessee. (Home)

(Home!) Take me to another place, take me to another land.
Make me forget all that hurts me, let me understand your plan.
Take me to another place, take me to another land.
Make me forget all that hurts me, let me understand your plan.

Now I see the importance of history
Why my people be in the mess that they be
Many journeys to freedom made in vain
By brothers on the corner playin' ghetto games
I ask you, Lord why you enlightened me
Without the enlightenment of all my folks
He said, cuz I set myself on a quest for truth
And he was there to quench my thirst
But I am still thirsty
The Lord allowed me to drink some more
He said what I am searching for are
The answers to all which are in front of me
The ultimate truth started to get blurry
For some strange reason it had to be
It was all a dream about Tennessee

(Home!) Take me to another place, take me to another land.
Make me forget all that hurts me, let me understand your plan.
Take me to another place, take me to another land.
Make me forget all that hurts me, let me understand your plan.
Oh, won't you let me, won't you help me,
won't you help me understand your plan.
Take me home, take me home, home, take me to another place.
Take me home, take me home, home, take me to another place.